Dawn Abriel: 27
Dawn Abriel: And this will be an individual intake.
Dawn Abriel: For Alicia.
Dawn Abriel: Know, Dell birthday august 27 1997
Dawn Abriel: And it will start at nine.
Alicia Noedel: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Hi, I just opened. I, I, some people come early you're one of those
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr brielle and you're Alicia.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: And that's the right pronunciation
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: ELISA, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Let me get to your chart so
Dawn Abriel: I was noticing I, my guess is that you didn't read the survey. Exactly right. But on one of the surveys, you put that you've never experienced any withdrawal.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, I thought I that's not true.
Alicia Noedel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Then I saw another place where you said you did because that's why you want to get off the opioids. So I thought, I'm just going to put that in the statement when I
Dawn Abriel: Complete the chart. So it's because I can't, I can't actually change it, but I can mention that, that there was just a misunderstanding.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I'm I was currently I've been on a program for Suboxone for somebody text for about a year now and my doctor. They're not specialists, they
Alicia Noedel: Changed my medication on me. And when they changed my medication from buprenorphine to buprenorphine naloxone I started having a lot of problems. I don't have, you know, energy, I have hives and
Alicia Noedel: Just a lot of problems with it and they are not wanting to give me my original medication back so I that's why I seek you guys out because you know you're specialists that can probably helped me with my needs.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Do you know why they did that.
Alicia Noedel: It's part of their policy, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, most programs and most you know we're we're heavily regulated. We're told what you can do and what you can't do and
Dawn Abriel: One of them is to only give some text to a certain group of people. And my guess is that you didn't fit into that description.
Dawn Abriel: You, your camera froze. So I don't know if you're still with me.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I'm here.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah, the pictures frozen.
Dawn Abriel: They said that
Alicia Noedel: My proof of hives and my proof of hives and my tattoo ink raising and my najah and I'm, you know, fatigue, wasn't enough of a sign for me to
Alicia Noedel: Go back to my original medication. It's just hard because I was on this medication for, you know, more than nine months, they never had a problem with it.
Alicia Noedel: I've never had any kind of wrong drug tests. I've never been an intravenous drug users. So that's never been a problem.
Dawn Abriel: Where do you do you work right now.
Alicia Noedel: I am currently um I I had a baby three months ago.
Alicia Noedel: So I'm just doing the at home mom thing now.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good. Alright, so
Dawn Abriel: This program includes one hour a week of group and one hour a week of of individual therapy.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: I don't know what your other program was like, but this one requires both
Alicia Noedel: That's awesome. I like
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Okay. Have you been in therapy before
Alicia Noedel: I have had. Um so yeah relations. Um, I haven't been in like
Alicia Noedel: Recreational therapy going you know more than once or twice with a doctor because it I just never did. But I'm sure you know that me
Oh, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I'm writing the therapist right now to see if she can come on while we're in here and say hello and set up a meeting time to get that started for you.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a moment to
Dawn Abriel: Say hello.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, and I need to put the zoom room number 582-256-4197
Dawn Abriel: And then I have to press send, I don't go sin just sit
There.
Dawn Abriel: Things you have to get disciplined about okay so
Dawn Abriel: Recent mother staying home okay that that helps me know which group, you can probably go to
Dawn Abriel: Okay, she said yes. So she'll come in here. Her name is going to veer or gland. She
Dawn Abriel: Sometimes goes by.
Dawn Abriel: And your last dose of opioid or buprenorphine or sub you next
Alicia Noedel: Time I currently have some from my last doctor's visit with the doctor that I was seeing.
Alicia Noedel: Um, so I am still teaching
Alicia Noedel: But
Dawn Abriel: I know you're I need to know your last dose.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I took one eight milligram
Alicia Noedel: Tablet under my tongue when I woke up.
Dawn Abriel: Oh this am okay
Dawn Abriel: All right. And that last you for 24 hours.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, or I take two and a half a day for
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, two and a half.
Dawn Abriel: Sorry. Does that mean you're splitting them up.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay. That is not the way the medicine was designed
Alicia Noedel: No, I take one and then I take another and then I take a half
Dawn Abriel: I know, I know. I'm telling you.
Dawn Abriel: In the, in the late 1990s, they designed this drug to be long acting to go through 36 hours.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, so what happens is
Alicia Noedel: they prescribe them to me.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, in your I really
Dawn Abriel: strongly suggest that you take your
Dawn Abriel: Because my guess is that you only need two tablets. But if you took them at the same time you would get enough of a blood level to last you for the full time.
Dawn Abriel: So we'll talk about this more at the end. But this is going to vary. She's the therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Hello, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she probably asked me to jump in here because she's thinking about having you join one of the groups that I facilitate like on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. I saw your picture just froze. But so
Alicia Noedel: I'm here. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: In school these days. What are you doing with your days.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I gave birth to a baby three months ago.
Alicia Noedel: Yummy. So I'm at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. Okay. And so
Alicia Noedel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your cell phone number.
Alicia Noedel: It's 505
Okay 603-203-3203
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to send you just a super quick little text and see if it gets to you. Okay. Let me just see. And then you'll have mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pfizer 5603 and then 3203 I'll just say hi Gwen. Yeah. Uh huh. Alright, see if you get that. And then if you do, then you can send it to me and I can kind of have your number in my phone, too. Um, so, how long have you been on the buprenorphine.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I have been on a actual program for
Alicia Noedel: Almost a year and a few months now, but
Alicia Noedel: I was buying it from people before because I didn't want to do you know heroin and opiates anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you, I got you. Alright, so our next step would be to meet and do what's called a bio psychosocial on if you've ever been in treatment before, but it gets a little bit of history of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not too different from what the doc is doing. She gets history. I go a little bit more in depth into a little bit of family and some
Gwenevere Abriel: History around if there's any presence of anxiety or depression kind of ended those features.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you up in right now, I'm booked out
Gwenevere Abriel: For this week, but are you possibly could you possibly meet
Gwenevere Abriel: On a on a Saturday. What are you doing on a Saturday at 1030
Alicia Noedel: Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well maybe right baby might be fussing or something but barring any sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Napping issues for the baby. Do you want to meet them. Then we got it done. And then we can schedule a regular time during the week that works for you. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: That's perfect, because my mom can always help me right now. My fiance has her and she's here, you know, with us. He just to get out of the room, cuz she started a plus. But, um, that that can that can work out for me. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it. So all actually see you Saturday, February 29 at your time at 1030 I'm in Florida, so it's it's it's forward a couple hours, but you don't have to think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do my best to always say at a time in your time zone. Have you ever had any therapy before or any substance use actual treatment.
Alicia Noedel: Um, when I started the program and my previous doctor, they had me see a psychiatrist with like their in house psychiatrists
Alicia Noedel: And, you know, she just interviewed me to make sure that I didn't, you know, have any kind of psychological issues, but I'm pretty sure that was more for my pregnancy and less for, um, you know, my actual prescription
Alicia Noedel: But I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So know sitting down once a week or every couple weeks talking
Gwenevere Abriel: About okay well that's exciting. So you're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Be able to get some psychotherapy, maybe for the first time. That's kind of cool.
Alicia Noedel: I think that that would benefit me a lot because I did have, you know, a lot of, um, you know, alcohol, drug abuse as a child in my life. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: perfect fit for this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people with the same type of history. So you're going to hear your story, sort of, echoed in other group members to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm glad you made it here. So I'm going to talk. It's an intense assessment. It's really sort of one side me asking
Gwenevere Abriel: Me asking questions, much like what the dog is doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the next time we meet will be a really nice slow sort of mellow, kind of, you know, really. Where do you want to focus your energy on and getting to know each other there but this
Gwenevere Abriel: At 1030 is going to still it's going to still be kind of lots and lots of questions, but I'm looking forward to seeing you at 1030
Gwenevere Abriel: Same thing as you did today, go into a virtual clinic login about 1020 in the morning, say, Hey, I'm here to see what and provide a bps if you make a little note.
Alicia Noedel: Okay EP me one second to write that down. Absolutely.
Dawn Abriel: Going to do. I was going to invite her to just observe our 11 o'clock this morning group if she can make it.
Alicia Noedel: Up. After this I was going to go straight to the class and do my labs for you guys.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, so I was more around and do all that.
Dawn Abriel: That's more important, get that done. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect.
Alicia Noedel: And then so you said 1030 this Saturday. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes that's February 29 at 1030 but but log into virtual clinic at 10 10:20am and you can tell them you're here to seek when GW and and to do B as in bio P as in psycho SS and social bps
Alicia Noedel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. Well, I'm excited. I get to talk with you on Saturday. All right.
Alicia Noedel: Awesome. Thank you. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice to meet you. Sorry for the short meeting, but I just wanted to pop in and say hi.
Alicia Noedel: That was very sweet of you. Thank you feel like
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Now for my boring part
Dawn Abriel: I have to make sure that
Dawn Abriel: That I write this right things in that you qualify for the program. I'm sure you've been asked all this before, but you
Dawn Abriel: Had to take more and more opioid to get the same effect or to not go through withdrawal rate.
Alicia Noedel: Correct.
Dawn Abriel: And did you have any overdoses.
Alicia Noedel: Um, before I started on a program
Dawn Abriel: Or ever, ever.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I mean, I would like to think not, but like no apparent overdoses. No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and no medical complications or legal issues because of the drug use.
Alicia Noedel: Or no, okay.
And
Dawn Abriel: Most people talk about spending a lot of time trying to thinking about the drug getting the drug then thinking about the next. How are you going to get the next dose. Was that part of your life.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, I was in an abusive relationship. I was a 14 when I met him, and he was 20 and I was with him for
Alicia Noedel: Till I was 18 years old and, uh, probably when I was 16 we started to do heroin and pills and it for me it I got so latched onto it, because it helped me cope
Alicia Noedel: With the fact that he was so abusive. It helps me, you know, accept it and it helped me
Alicia Noedel: Kind of, you know, sweep it under the rug because
Alicia Noedel: I was sure you know very brainwashed at the time I didn't want to leave him. But I was so in pain.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, by the mental the physical, verbal all of it that I'm I coped with drugs. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: And I worse.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So, but your drug use, never got in the way of
Keeping a job.
Alicia Noedel: I'm not the the drug use and the relationship both made me, you know, start putting jobs early one job that I had that I was a really good job and I was living up north in Espanola with my mother.
Alicia Noedel: And I was working at the Santa Clara in
Alicia Noedel: The hotel casino as a housekeeper and I was making really good money and he you know decided one day that he didn't want me living with my mom. So we, you know, packed up and left. So, you know, it was also the drugs because he
Alicia Noedel: You know, was able to get it better. Like he knew where to get it and I didn't know because he started me on it. And then he would, he would
Alicia Noedel: His prescription medication and so that fed our addiction. A lot. So I relied on him with my addiction.
Gotcha.
Dawn Abriel: So because of what the opioid does to the brain, it changes it so much. And because you started at such a young age.
Dawn Abriel: A lot of people describe having a you know that it causes anxiety, the drug itself. So if you had some anxiety before starting the opioid then anxiety is a prominent feature and is
Dawn Abriel: True for you.
Alicia Noedel: And yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And sleep.
Dawn Abriel: You sleep. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Uh, yeah, I do. Um, I been having problems or I'm just, you know, obviously, I have a newborn, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Right. But even if I do you know my fiance takes the night shifts, or whatever. I just never feel lately. I have not felt rested at all. Yeah. Yep.
Dawn Abriel: And so you've never been hospitalized for a mental illness and you've not had individual therapy. What would you say your stress level is right now, mild, moderate, or severe
Alicia Noedel: Mild mild to moderate, you know,
Alicia Noedel: There varies
From the end
Dawn Abriel: In the stress consists of economic educational, social financial which what kind of stresses it
Alicia Noedel: I'm financial is a big one. I'm
Alicia Noedel: Being able to protect my child. I don't know what category that would fit into. But that's one of the most things that I worry about, especially with all the crazy things that are going on in the world today.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Would you ever let your 14 year old daughter be involved with the 20 year old man.
No.
Alicia Noedel: My parents
Alicia Noedel: My mother lived in a different state or in a different city. She lived closer to Texas. So at least like 10 hour drive away.
Alicia Noedel: And my father was newly married and he wasn't really, you know, I, I've been on my own for for a little while. Like I was on my own. When I was younger, pretty much.
Dawn Abriel: Yep, yep, I mean that
Dawn Abriel: The only real explanation is a parent that is not being involved not paying attention not taking it seriously. So
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And your self esteem right now. She say it's
Alicia Noedel: Um, I feel pretty good.
Alicia Noedel: I would say, on a scale of one to 10 it's about an eight.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right, let's do the past medical history. So what I'm going to ask you a lot of questions and just stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: First of all, do you know what your blood type is
Alicia Noedel: I think it's oh positive
Alicia Noedel: Or negative it's, oh, something
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll just put any head trauma. Any problems with your eyes, your ears, your nose, no breathing difficulties know pneumonia, asthma, bronchitis, no muscle joined or bone problems.
Alicia Noedel: I used to get I've gone bronchitis and pneumonia few times but not currently um my vision is pretty bad at the moment. Um, it just gets worse and worse every year I have like a stigmatism
Dawn Abriel: Ah, OK.
Alicia Noedel: So, my eyes are pretty bad.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And no firewall thyroid disease know diabetes snow anemia cancer, HIV sexually transmitted disease or you've never tested positive for tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: No, no new moles no new skin rashes epilepsy seizures severe headaches.
Dawn Abriel: Stroke you've not been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression, you've never had episodes of seeing things or hearing things that aren't there other people don't know suicidal thoughts or attempts
Alicia Noedel: I'm getting these weird hives.
Alicia Noedel: I'm splotches on my face and dots on my arms.
Alicia Noedel: My I'm like my tattoo ink in my tattoos have been like raising like my body's rejecting it. That's never happened to me before.
Alicia Noedel: And it just started happening within the past few months.
Dawn Abriel: And you've
Dawn Abriel: you've connected that within the locks on
Alicia Noedel: I mean I, that's the only different things. So I don't take, you know, many medications, I take near lax and as I can. When it when I'm scared that I'm going to get sick. That's only medication that I taken. That's the only change that I've had in my life that I didn't think
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Any gut problems, you don't have cirrhosis or GERD or gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis.
Dawn Abriel: Or ulcers.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have dentures.
Dawn Abriel: Allergic problems sign it chronic sinus infections and you weren't born with a heart murmur, or have high blood pressure or blood clots are irregular heartbeat your bladder and kidneys work normally
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Do you have anything else that I haven't mentioned here.
Alicia Noedel: I'm allergic to latex.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, hold on. I'll do or allergies separately.
Alicia Noedel: Okay and I'm trying to think of everything you just ran through real quick. I got hybrid every now and again. But, uh, you know, I'm sure, not more than anybody else. Okay, but it does happen pretty frequently like probably you know once, twice a week.
Alicia Noedel: I'm trying to think. Sorry.
Alicia Noedel: I think I think anything else. You know, I don't have any crazy diseases, anything like that.
All right.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm assuming you've never had a surgery.
Dawn Abriel: Unless you had to have a C section.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I do. I've had my wisdom teeth surgically removed. I don't know if that counts but
Dawn Abriel: Some people counted. But I'll put it in there, but you have your tonsils in your gallbladder and you're a
Alicia Noedel: Brand X.
Alicia Noedel: Yes. All right.
Dawn Abriel: And not had any other surgery.
Dawn Abriel: And now we'll do your medicines and
Dawn Abriel: While I'm
Dawn Abriel: I would like for you to take all of your medicine this morning.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, take the rest of it this morning. So you get your blood level up.
Dawn Abriel: And and here's the thing, if you start getting drowsy and kind of
Dawn Abriel: You know, not feeling right then, then that's too much medicine.
Alicia Noedel: You're going to
Dawn Abriel: Back it down by some
Alicia Noedel: It's not really like a drowsiness, to the point where I'm like, you know, not being able to, but I am just, you know, my energy levels are very low. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I actually what I recommend is that you take, take the second one as soon as possible.
Dawn Abriel: This morning and wait until tomorrow morning and see how you feel, because I think you might be taking too much.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So it's, it's worth trying. And the way I run programs is as soon as you're stable, you know, you're getting the individual therapy, you're feeling good about yourself. You're, you're solid in the program you will start tapering down
Dawn Abriel: Right buprenorphine not off. I mean, unless you want to. But you know, I don't make people come off. But I make them come down, or I really encourage them to come down to a safe medical dose, which is like
Alicia Noedel: I'm all for that, you know, I'm all for, you know, getting to a point where I don't need it anymore because that is my goal eventually
Alicia Noedel: Okay, but um you know i i i feel like I'm in, you know, we withdrawals, like I just said I don't feel
Alicia Noedel: I just, I think it's crazy that the, you know, like switching someone's medication as i've been i've had a hard time adjusting to it.
Alicia Noedel: Because they gave me
Alicia Noedel: Tablets. And then when I complained about the tablets, because they were making me vomit because of the taste of the orange is so prominent
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, some people really don't
Dawn Abriel: Like that.
Alicia Noedel: Um, they prescribed me a kind that was mint flavored
Alicia Noedel: And my insurance didn't, didn't approve it. So I had to get it changed and they decided that they were going to help me, but they gave me I'm a film instead
Alicia Noedel: And with the the film's the
Alicia Noedel: The I can't explain it. My they would make my mouth dry.
Alicia Noedel: In a, you know, like a really weird way, because the tablets. They dissolve so much different. And, you know, it would be like I was wasting the medicine and not even getting it because
Alicia Noedel: It would literally take like so long for them to dissolve. So they gave me the other ones back and you know I asked my doctor one last time I was like, you know, if you guys could please reconsider just, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Even for, you know, a month or two if you guys don't you know see an improvement or whatever, you know, whatever the case may be giving you my original medication back and they, you know, they just said we don't do that. And so
Dawn Abriel: I know what the original medication was
Alicia Noedel: Um buprenorphine normal buprenorphine eight milligram
Alicia Noedel: They never, I never
Alicia Noedel: Okay, it
Dawn Abriel: Does come in lot lots of manufacturers.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, well, I will order. You know you did take
Alicia Noedel: That little white round pills.
Dawn Abriel: We had that doesn't help me. Sorry, I find my shaping
Alicia Noedel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: I don't learn him by shape and color.
Alicia Noedel: We were so few texts right rid our subjects eight milligrams. That's pretty much
Alicia Noedel: They were white
Label
Dawn Abriel: And you're going to take to daily
Dawn Abriel: And see how you do over the weekend.
Dawn Abriel: And and then mere relaxes. The other thing that you take
Alicia Noedel: Yes, I take that for my constipation, because I'm the medication and along with me, just giving birth in a few months ago.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You mentioned that
Dawn Abriel: You have a latex.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, a latex allergies.
Dawn Abriel: Let me get that in here.
Alicia Noedel: What
Alicia Noedel: Here, let me make it
Alicia Noedel: So pretty. My daughter's going to make a cameo.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, what a little sweetie.
Dawn Abriel: The latex allergy, you break out in hives.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, it's way more than that swelling.
Alicia Noedel: Hives
Alicia Noedel: I'm wrapping rash redness. I found out that I was allergic to latex in a really horrible way. So I have a severe reaction.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you have any other allergies.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I believe that. That's my only allergy. All right.
Alicia Noedel: Starving.
Dawn Abriel: For some reason, my computer isn't latex spelled la T E x
Alicia Noedel: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: It doesn't want to lose it auto correcting it
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it keeps
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm just gonna say
That
Dawn Abriel: Maybe let me okay custom allergen. Yes. That's what I'll do.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Let's do this social history.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, let's do family first obviously your mother is alive. Is she in good health.
Alicia Noedel: Um, my brother has
Alicia Noedel: She has a few on this does diseases and disabilities but she is in stable condition.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. What are her diseases.
Alicia Noedel: She has fibromyalgia.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know if she currently does, but she has lupus. I don't know if it's benign anymore. Knocks
Dawn Abriel: lupus never goes away.
Alicia Noedel: She has rheumatoid rheumatoid arthritis.
Alicia Noedel: She's bipolar manic depressive
Alicia Noedel: And I believe that's it.
Dawn Abriel: That's plenty
Dawn Abriel: It, but she's on medicine for the psychiatric problem.
Alicia Noedel: And she's tree.
Alicia Noedel: Is the data and all her medicine. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: She's diagnosed in 2005 for all those problems.
Dawn Abriel: That she had any history of addiction.
Alicia Noedel: Um, my family.
Alicia Noedel: Has yeah yeah they all do all my family members did
Dawn Abriel: So with that history. It would almost be impossible for you to
Dawn Abriel: Not develop
Alicia Noedel: That, well, you know, statistically speaking, when you have two parents in the household that are
Alicia Noedel: You know, have addictive personalities or dependencies when those two people have a child. The child is more likely to, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Have an addictive personality.
Dawn Abriel: Right when you think about it, if they're taking drugs to numb out to not feel and aren't coping all that well with life issues. How do you learn how to do that.
Alicia Noedel: So right
Dawn Abriel: You don't learn you get stressed, you haven't learned how to manage your stress. So you do what you saw.
Dawn Abriel: You didn't know what is
Dawn Abriel: Available right so that's why we call it a brain disease. It's not because you're a bad person or that you you don't have any morals or willpower. It has nothing to do with that. It's what that drug does to your brain.
Dawn Abriel: Right, so your father. He's alive and in good health know at what age did he die.
Alicia Noedel: He died.
Alicia Noedel: When I was 17 so
Alicia Noedel: He was 43
Dawn Abriel: Or 4444 and of what did he die.
Alicia Noedel: He died of a heroin overdose.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers and sisters
Alicia Noedel: I have an adopted brother, who is my first cousin.
Alicia Noedel: His mom lost him to the state over drug addiction and my mother adopted him. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Now the social history. Tell me about tobacco in your life.
Alicia Noedel: I used to be a two pack a day smoker, uh,
Alicia Noedel: And then I got pregnant.
Alicia Noedel: And I stopped smoking and now I do the I have like a vapor pen.
Alicia Noedel: That I
Alicia Noedel: I hit every now and again, but I've come off of it all along.
Dawn Abriel: Oh good, don't start smoking. It's just, it's
Dawn Abriel: It's so much pleasing to be putting in your body.
Alicia Noedel: And it was
Alicia Noedel: Hard for me to quit and
Alicia Noedel: Ya know, why go back to it, you know.
Dawn Abriel: Exactly, exactly.
Dawn Abriel: And I'll tell you, being on the sub sub the buprenorphine makes it easier for you to not be smoking.
Alicia Noedel: Right, it
Dawn Abriel: For some reason, I mean, I have this whole campaign. I started in January to help people quit because so many people say they want to quit, but they don't they don't have the support. So I started giving them more support.
Alicia Noedel: Or the motivation, you know, because you saying doing is two different things.
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely. How about alcohol for you.
Alicia Noedel: I don't drink.
Dawn Abriel: Not even New Year's know
Dawn Abriel: About occasional
Alicia Noedel: A when I was younger. Um, okay. So when I was 12 my mom moved to a different city, city.
Alicia Noedel: With her husband because her husband was a registered sex offender. And so this he needed to register his address. And they basically told her you know you either, you know, leave this guy or you move away and and so she moved away and me and my dad.
Alicia Noedel: Started living on our own.
Alicia Noedel: And I started to that's when my rebellion started and that's when you know all my problems began because I started to want more attention. And I also, you know, same thing, like you said, coping. Then I didn't know how to cope. So I learned to and I drink a lot. I
Alicia Noedel: Got sexually assaulted and all kinds of stuff because of my drinking. So I do not drink. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have more than three fast food meals a week.
Alicia Noedel: I used to. But no, I like to cook.
Alicia Noedel: It's more economical the
Alicia Noedel: Meals financially better. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You get regular exercise.
Alicia Noedel: I'd say that I'm that I exercised pretty often. I haven't been to the gym, since I had the baby but
Alicia Noedel: I'd say that I'm pretty active
Alicia Noedel: And
Dawn Abriel: You don't take an aspirin every day.
Alicia Noedel: No.
Should I you have
Dawn Abriel: No. Do you have a household smoke detector.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: You keep any guns in the home.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seatbelt.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and
Dawn Abriel: You have a fiance. Are you sexually active already
Alicia Noedel: Um, I am on birth control as a as a year's worth of birth control prescriptions on my pharmacy. I have probably once but not at the moment.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born female and you identify as female
Correct.
Dawn Abriel: So you weren't adopted. Tell me about your use of benzodiazepines like Valium Xanax Danny bars, was there ever an issue.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I took them a few times when I was younger.
Alicia Noedel: I never really got addicted to their they weren't really my thing. I didn't really like them.
Dawn Abriel: How about where were you born and raised.
Dawn Abriel: Saturday. Okay. And how much caffeine intake, you have
Alicia Noedel: A, not much. I'm not a coffee drinker, I'd say I have like a soda or two a day.
Alicia Noedel: I
Alicia Noedel: Don't want to do sodas anymore. I'd like to do more water but
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you, I grew up in Los Angeles. When the water used to come out of the tap brown
Dawn Abriel: Don't drink the water
Dawn Abriel: And we used to get bottled water, but I never liked the taste and I I knew as a doctor. I knew it was important to drink water, and the only way I could make myself do it.
Dawn Abriel: seltzer was yes.
Dawn Abriel: carbonated water.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so we drink so much carbonated water. We actually my husband figured out how we can do it at home.
Dawn Abriel: So we had this tank.
Dawn Abriel: And we we make our own sparkling water and
Alicia Noedel: Oil.
Dawn Abriel: I drink two or three glasses a day.
Alicia Noedel: Of their albums carbonated water is expensive.
Dawn Abriel: It is. It's silly expensive.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, but
Dawn Abriel: But it was worth it to know that I
Dawn Abriel: I was at least drinking that
Dawn Abriel: Right, and you're not on a particular diet right now.
Alicia Noedel: I'm, I'm not like a fixed one. No.
Alicia Noedel: Okay. I'd like to cut down on me because of the environment.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and
Dawn Abriel: And because of all of the hormones and antibiotics that is pumped into chickens and pigs and cows. It's phenomenal. There's more antibiotics, go to animals three times more than what people are taking
Wow.
Dawn Abriel: They don't cry them all in right they crowd them into these
Dawn Abriel: tight pants. So of course they're spreading disease. So they give them the antibiotics and it stays it. Yeah, it's really ugly. I
Alicia Noedel: It's so the meat doesn't get get tough from them moving around too much.
Alicia Noedel: Probably soft, they put them in little pins like that.
Dawn Abriel: How much education. Have you had. How far did you go in school.
Alicia Noedel: I dropped out in seventh grade.
Alicia Noedel: Already two months into seventh grade.
Dawn Abriel: And your employment history.
Dawn Abriel: Or
Alicia Noedel: I'm lying. I'm lying ninth grade. Sorry. First year of high school.
Alicia Noedel: Sorry about that. My brain when we're
Dawn Abriel: First year high school and
Dawn Abriel: Tell me a little bit about the kinds of jobs. You've had
Alicia Noedel: And I worked mainly I'm
Alicia Noedel: Restaurants. I've worked at McDonald's. I've worked as a housekeeper at the hotel.
Alicia Noedel: At my most recent job I was managing the long john Silver's in Santa Fe. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me, have you used methamphetamine.
Never
Dawn Abriel: And no benzo cocaine.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: And marijuana
Alicia Noedel: Now I have before. Um, I haven't in years.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And are you are you living with your mom because you have housing insecurity, you would be homeless without living there.
Alicia Noedel: Oh no, I am staying with my mom because I needed help with my daughter.
Alicia Noedel: You know, because actually my fiance works.
Alicia Noedel: I'm over 13 hour days.
Alicia Noedel: And I wouldn't be able to do it on my own.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever substitute the heroin for Creighton when you trying to get off.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know what that is. No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Well then you didn't do it.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me what you like to do for fun.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I love to read. I'm a big Bookworm I love to write. I want to be a writer. Eventually, but you know there's not a lot of money in writing, so
Alicia Noedel: I want to write an autobiography about my life so that maybe I could maybe you know my experiences and all the things that I've been through could inspire you know young girls to be
Alicia Noedel: You know, hopeful that you know there is a future and that it's not the end of the world you know problems that you're having at the time, you know, because
Alicia Noedel: When you're a teenager.
Alicia Noedel: Small things or even things that aren't too small, like things that happened to you that are pretty portable feeling the end of the world.
Dawn Abriel: They feel like the end of the world. And because we didn't have the life experience of having a problem and getting over it. You can't believe that you'll get over it. Right.
Alicia Noedel: Right, right.
Dawn Abriel: So having really attentive parents who say, sweetheart. This, this will this will pass and will help you and tell me how you're feeling and let's see what we can do to keep busy all of those real parental things
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: If you didn't get it and
Dawn Abriel: And and I encourage you to start writing the book now start making notes.
Alicia Noedel: I have. I've been trying to write it for probably like four years. But you know, it's so I add, I think I'm pretty sure I've been diagnosed with a DD, so I have a problem with, you know, following through and things
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I didn't know that.
Dawn Abriel: It's not add that's the, that's the opioid and what it's what it's doing to your brain.
Alicia Noedel: I have like, um,
Alicia Noedel: It's been happening though like since before I I started doing opiates I've, I've had a problem with finishing projects because I've always loved to write. I liked writing poems and things like that when I was younger.
Alicia Noedel: I tried to write like a horror novel when I was like nine or 10 and
Dawn Abriel: You know,
Alicia Noedel: Obviously that's funny age but
Dawn Abriel: I would just encourage you that
Dawn Abriel: That's a worthy goal and
Dawn Abriel: You'll find that when you get your buprenorphine down to like the one or the two level everyone tells me when they get down to four, they feel like they've woken up
Dawn Abriel: Right. They have energy they feel good. They start really getting their lives tight and
Dawn Abriel: And it just gets you know better. From there, usually when they get to four. They say, Okay, I'm ready to go all the way off, and in five months or so they're, they're all the way off so
Alicia Noedel: W like the buprenorphine has helped me immensely like I gotten even explain you know
Alicia Noedel: Oh, I know.
Dawn Abriel: Thinking about I hear ya I hear it all day long. I know.
Dawn Abriel: I know from all the stories I hear it changes people's lives. It gives them time out the misery. Yeah. Now here's the thing. Um, it's not enough, right, because it does not. The buprenorphine does not rewire your brain.
Dawn Abriel: Right, it's still an opioid, it's a long acting opioids. So it's still doing some of the damage.
Dawn Abriel: That was done with the short acting opioids.
Dawn Abriel: So, but what the buprenorphine does is it gives you this time this relief from the pressure of doing the short acting opioids, so that you can get therapy, which is like a substitute for the parenting. You didn't get
Alicia Noedel: Right.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, and it's it's very I've had a lot of trauma in my life. Dr. I've had a lot of horrible things happen to me. Um,
Alicia Noedel: And they've had
Dawn Abriel: I believe it. I really need to get through this.
Dawn Abriel: Sorry, I mean, I'm really interested in your story. It's not from what you said it's not all that different from mine and I'm 67 years old.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I didn't go to high school.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: And I became a doctor.
Alicia Noedel: Possible right
Dawn Abriel: That's right.
That's right, very inspiring.
Dawn Abriel: Let me ask
Dawn Abriel: Oh, you're living with your mother and your daughter. Is there anyone else in the home.
Alicia Noedel: And my mother's husband and my fiance. We're all staying for
Alicia Noedel: A little while
Dawn Abriel: And this is your first child, right.
Alicia Noedel: Correct, yeah.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let's do your OB history. How old were you when you first started having periods.
Alicia Noedel: Of 12 or 13 okay
Dawn Abriel: And did you ever have any abnormal Pap smears or biopsies know irregular periods.
Alicia Noedel: Um, no, my period has been regular since I got it. I know that's super uncommon, but I've always had a regular period. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you've had how many pregnancies.
Alicia Noedel: Just this one.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and one full term.
Dawn Abriel: One living
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Next I'm going to read a really long list of problems and just raise your hand or stop me if one of them applies to you. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay but but if any of these are a part of your withdrawal. Then, then that's that's different, because that shouldn't be going on right now.
Dawn Abriel: Right, but you're not in withdrawal right now.
Alicia Noedel: So currently problems that I'm having right at this minute
Dawn Abriel: Well, mostly things that are our ongoing ongoing problems.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, you said fatigue. Didn't you
Alicia Noedel: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Our weight gain drinking the light eating a lot change in vision loss of vision, blurred vision, double vision red eyes ringing in your ears ear drainage hearing loss difficulty hearing
Dawn Abriel: Chronic congestion bloody nose or lips or mouse or tongue neck stiffness pain or swelling shortness of breath, cough, difficulty breathing just being irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe lying down swelling in your ankles or varicose veins diarrhea positive for constipation.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain bled
Alicia Noedel: Up I'm
Alicia Noedel: Rectal pain, but that's from the constipation. I had an anal fissure for
Dawn Abriel: For women, and yeah.
Dawn Abriel: They're awfully painful. Aren't they
Alicia Noedel: Oh, it was bad. Very bad. I
Alicia Noedel: Recently just healed it because my doctor didn't want to help me.
Alicia Noedel: Do anything. You know, I dropped them as my primary care physician, because I couldn't handle it anymore. They just, you know, they're not interested in helping me so
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I'm my well let me do it right now you have a pen and paper in front of you.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I want you to make make this up and keep it in the refrigerator, you're going to get one cup of apple juice, apple sauce.
Alicia Noedel: One cup of applesauce.
Dawn Abriel: One cup of applesauce, one cup of oat bran. Oh, at oat bran and you can get health food store. It's real cheap and then a half a cup of prune juice that makes it really sweet.
Dawn Abriel: You're going to mix that all up in a jar and every day, you're going to take two tablespoons
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And that will keep your stool loose.
Dawn Abriel: Well, he also developed
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I don't want you on the mirror Lex forever and ever. That's just
Dawn Abriel: Unnecessary
Alicia Noedel: Because this is really just really expensive to
Dawn Abriel: Oh, you're paying for it.
Alicia Noedel: Oh yeah. Wouldn't prescribe it to me several times so bad it was. And they never cared.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, well I care.
Dawn Abriel: I don't have to go into why
Dawn Abriel: And so, change in hair texture skin. Let me see. You said you having some
Dawn Abriel: But you haven't had the skin changes checked out. Right.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I've had them look at them and they were they were just like, oh, you know, that could be an allergic reaction to anything but they never you know get any kind of allergic test dummy anything with like a full allergy testing.
Dawn Abriel: That they don't they don't have
Dawn Abriel: Primary care people don't usually do those
Dawn Abriel: They send you to a dermatologist or to an allergy doctor
Alicia Noedel: I'm eating like swatches raised circular splotches all over my face and hives. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. So you were really reacting to something
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Things.
Alicia Noedel: Know,
With
Dawn Abriel: Back pain tender points muscle cramps limp.
Dawn Abriel: headedness
Dawn Abriel: But how often
Alicia Noedel: Well, I'd say probably like once or twice a week.
Dawn Abriel: And is that from just the strain of moving around in a different way, or lifting
Alicia Noedel: Probably being on Wi Fi or carrying that, you know, an extra you know 1213 pounds around with me.
Dawn Abriel: Right, right.
Dawn Abriel: Headaches vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking change.
Alicia Noedel: I have headaches chronic headaches lately.
Dawn Abriel: And sadness interfering with function.
Dawn Abriel: Anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: And nervousness sleep disturbance suicidal thoughts hopelessness seeing or hearing things that other people don't. An easy bruising.
Alicia Noedel: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know how to get your pulse.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, I have a blood pressure wrist cuffs.
Alicia Noedel: Uh huh. Or I'm cost that with a little electric for digital thing because those are blood pressure problems during my pregnancy.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, can you go get it and get a blood pressure for me and your heart rate.
Alicia Noedel: Should, of course.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Alicia Noedel: Can you get that for me, don't you have it.
Alicia Noedel: Can you please say for me.
Dawn Abriel: How are you
Alicia Noedel: I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Your current weight.
Alicia Noedel: The last time I got wait I was 190 pounds. But I think lost a little more weight.
Alicia Noedel: 120 over 74
Alicia Noedel: Great. And my pulses 63
Alicia Noedel: I have a known
Alicia Noedel: By a lot of doctors that I've seen that my pulse is very slow. So that's not abnormal
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now we're going to do a physical exam.
Dawn Abriel: First thing I need you to do is to get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see under But hold on a second. I need to put glasses on so
Dawn Abriel: I can. Okay. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let go, let go pull back, move your eyes, all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left.
Dawn Abriel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down.
Dawn Abriel: Breathe out of either side of your nose.
Alicia Noedel: My nose is clogged right now.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and hold on a second. I need to see
Dawn Abriel: Okay, if a pharmacy calls I try to answer because people have trouble with their medicines and can I see you stick your tongue out at me and move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Okay. And bite down no job pain in your teeth fit normally
Dawn Abriel: Yes, good swallow for me.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Take a big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: And I want you to push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left it tell me that if there's any lumps or bumps or pain.
Dawn Abriel: No, okay, and bring the camera down so I can see your ankles, that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Did you hear the last part.
Dawn Abriel: You must have gotten a phone call.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's
Dawn Abriel: There. Yeah. Are you back.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, sorry. Are we saying, I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: put the camera down to your ankles and let me see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Perfect.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's okay. I got it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and proper camera up or your phone up and I want to see you pull against your fingers.
Alicia Noedel: Let me get my binder real quick.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay. No pain when you do that.
Dawn Abriel: No. Perfect. And how many tattoos. Do you have
Oh,
Alicia Noedel: Let me count. Okay, kid.
Alicia Noedel: 16 or 17
Dawn Abriel: All right, and we're all of them professionally done
Dawn Abriel: And the only time you've had a complication. Was this a new tattoo that you're having problem with
Alicia Noedel: No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you've ever had.
Alicia Noedel: We've had our view tattoos that I've had for over, you know, four years.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Great, so
Dawn Abriel: Let me tell you about the program.
Dawn Abriel: You have that pencil and paper again. Okay, so your group will be on
Dawn Abriel: Thursdays at 11 o'clock.
Alicia Noedel: In the, in the daytime.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Well, obviously, sorry.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: To get into group.
Dawn Abriel: There a couple of things that you have to have done.
Dawn Abriel: First of all, every month.
Dawn Abriel: Great heart health will send you an envelope like this.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And it will it will have inside this when you get it in the mail. Do not open it. If you open it, it's invalid and they won't let you use it.
Dawn Abriel: So what you'll do is you'll go to the virtual clinic, the virtual clinic is where you go for everything.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to stop recording this.
Dawn Abriel: By you too. Bye bye.
Alicia Noedel: I'm on phone
Dawn Abriel: Do you see where it says end meeting.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, leave
Dawn Abriel: That's it.
Alicia Noedel: It's just my buttons aren't working. There we go.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so I'm just reviewing so she
Dawn Abriel: Said specialist is prohibitive.
Dawn Abriel: Because she lives.
Dawn Abriel: 100 miles away.
Dawn Abriel: So I filled that out. We got the history of
Dawn Abriel: Prison, you don't
Dawn Abriel: If you'll just do the bubbles as usual.
Dawn Abriel: I think I got the review of systems in
Dawn Abriel: All right, I think I'm good, thank you.